Fixed #35598 -- Added SearchInput widget. (#18377)
django/django: docs/releases/5.2.txt

Forms
~~~~~

> * Added :class:`~django.forms.SearchInput` form widget that renders as ``<input type="search" ...>``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The new :class:`~django.forms.SearchInput` form widget renders as
  ``<input type="search" ...>``. This is to be used for entering search queries.
```
Our release notes are written in present tense 👍

Author: Done! Thanks for the review
